Chapter 3: The Doctor's Secret

Maria rushed from the Hangar Bay, the spectral image of her own quarters still flickering in the corner of her eye. She needed someone she could trust, someone with the analytical mind to look past the impossible. Dr. Aris was the only one who might have seen something in the bio-scans, or noticed a change in the man posing as Kael. She reached the Medical Bay, the doors sliding open to reveal Aris standing over the same patient as before. The patient was a young ensign, his face pale and eyes flickering beneath the lids of the stasis pod. 

"Aris," Maria called out, her breath coming in short, sharp bursts. "I need you to look at those logs again. Something is wrong with the ship’s internal telemetry." 

Aris looked up, his expression unreadable. He adjusted his glasses, but something about the way he moved seemed different. He was no longer wearing the sterile white lab coat of a Medical Doctor. Instead, he was dressed in the heavy, grease-stained jumpsuit of the engineering crew. He held a high-frequency hydro-spanner in his hand, a tool used for repairing the main reactor core. 

"I'm working on the telemetry right now, Captain," Aris said, his voice dropping an octave. "The power fluctuations from the nebula are putting a strain on the secondary conduits. Aris is the ship's Chief Engineer, after all. I have to keep the *Starlight* moving." 

Maria froze. "Chief Engineer? Aris, you’re the ship’s Medical Doctor. You were just telling me about the patient’s stability an hour ago." 

Aris didn't seem to hear her. He turned back to the tactical console that had somehow appeared in the center of the med-bay, his fingers flying over the controls with practiced ease. "The diagnostics are clear, Maria. Engineering is my life, always has been. I’ve spent more time in the machine rooms than I ever have in a medical ward. I don't know why you'd think I was a doctor." 

"But Dr. Evans..." Maria started, but the name felt wrong. She looked at him again. The man standing before her was undeniably Aris, yet he was performing a role that didn't exist in her memory. He had two lives, two identities, and both were fighting for dominance in the same room. Maria looked at the patient in the pod, but the pod was gone. In its place was a backup fuel cell, humming with an eerie, violet light. 

"Aris is a Medical Doctor," she whispered to herself, as if the words could hold back the tide of madness. "Aris is a Chief Engineer." The contradiction was a physical weight, pressing down on her. She reached for the communication badge on her uniform, but her fingers touched only bare skin. Her uniform had changed, too. She was no longer the Captain. She was a stowaway, hiding in the shadows of a ship that no longer knew its own name. Aris looked back at her, his eyes cold and distant. "You're not supposed to be here," he said, and for the first time, Maria saw the jagged scar on his left cheek—the same scar that had belonged to Kael.
